
                                Mina lyrics
   
                                  Sidan 1
   
                                      
                                      
                                      
   Min lyrics lista:
   
   
   Abracadabra  
   
   [1]Africa - Toto   
   
   All i wanna do is make love to you - Heart 
   
   All my life - K-Ci & JoJo 
   
   All i wanna do is have some fun - Sheryl Crow 
   
   Busses and traines - Bachelor girl 
   
   Bitch - Meredith Brooks 
   
   Can´t help falling in love with you - Elvis 
   
   Cruel sommer - Bananarama
   
   Crush - Jennifer Page
   
   Delicate - Terence trent´d Arby 
   
   Do you really want me - Robyn 
   
   Don´t let go - en Vogue 
   
   Dreams (can come true) - Gabrielle 
   
   Dear lie - TLC 
   
   Every breath you take - Sting 
   
   Everybody hurts - REM 
   
   Finaly found - The honeys 
   
   Forever - Mariah Carey 
   
   Going down - Melanie C 
   
   Heart and souls - T- Pao 
   
   Hero - Mariah Carey 
   
   How come how long - Babyface & Stevie Wonder 
   
   How do i deal - Jennifer Love Hewitt 
   
   I dont wanna miss a thing - Aerosmith 
   
   I dont want to - Toni Braxton 
   
   I eat cannibals - Total Coelo 
   
   I never brake your heart - Backstreet Boys 
   
   I want you back - N Sync 
   
   I ll be missing you - Puff Daddy 
   
   Im a big big girl - Emilia 
   
   Intergalactic - Beastie Boys 
   
   Ironic -  Alanis Morrisette 
   
   I wish - Robyn 
   
   I do - Lisa Loeb 
   
   I dont wanna miss a thing - Aerosmith 
   
   I dont want to - Toni Braxton 
   
   I eat cannibals - Total Coelo 
   
   I never brake your heart - Backstreet Boys 
   
   I want you back - N Sync 
   
   I ll be missing you - Puff Daddy 
   
   Intergalactic - Beastie Boys 
   
   Into the grove - Madonna 
   
   I want it that way - Backstreet Boys 
   
   It must have been love - Roxette 
   
   Kiss the rain - Billie Myers 
   
   Kiss me - Sixpence None the Richer 
   
   Last night - Az yet 
   
   Last time - Robyn 
   
   Losing my religion -  REM 
   
   Luka - Susanne Vega 
   
   Last christmas - Wham 
   
   Lucky me - Bachelor girl 
   
   Lucy - Hanson 
   
   Manic Monday - Bangles 
   
   Mmmm - Crash Test Dummies 
   
   Missing you - Puff Daddy 
   
   My heart will go on - Celine Dion 
   
   My all - Mariah Carey 
   
   Now and forever - Richard Marx 
   
   Never ever - Al Saints 
   
   No matter what - Boyzone 
   
   No scrubs - TLC 
   
   Open arms - Mariah Carey 
   
   Oh angel - Eternal 
   
   One of us - Joan Ozborne 
   
   Purple rain - Prince 
   
   Return to innocence - Era 
   
   Right here waiting for you - Richard Marx 
   
   Sitting down here - Lene Marlene 
   
   Say my name - Destinys Child 
   
   So young - The Corrs 
   
   Someday - Mariah Carey 
   
   Sometimes - Britney Spears 
   
   Saving all my love for you - Withney Houston 
   
   Searchin my soul - Vonda Sheppard 
   
   Standing in my rain - Lena philipsson 
   
   Subtitute for love - Madonna 
   
   Sånt är livet - Niklas Strömstedt
   
   That don´t impress me - Shania Twain 
   
   The boy is mine - Brandy och Monica 
   
   The power of goodbye - Madonna 
   
   The riddle - Nik Kershaw 
   
   This is how we party - SOAP 
   
   This kiss - Faith Hill 
   
   To the moon and back - Savage Garden 
   
   Tuesday afternoon - Jennifer Brown 
   
   This is the last day of our acquaintance - Sinead o' Connor 
   
   Thorn in my side - Eurythmics 
   
   Tom - Nathali Embruglia
   
   Unbreak my heart -  Toni Braxton 
   
   Virtual insanity - Jamiroquai 
   
   Vision of love - Mariah Carey 
   
   Without you - Mariah Carey 
   
   Waterfalls - TLC 
   
   What about your friends - TLC 
   
   When i come around - Green Day 
   
   When i saw you - Mariah Carey 
   
   When you say nothing at all - Ronan Keating 
   
   What can i do - the Corrs 
   
   Why don't you get a job - The offspring 
   
   When you belive - Mariah C och Whitney H 
   
   Whos that girl - Madonna 
   
   Woman - John Lennon 
   
   Words - F. David 
   
   Yearbook - Hanson 
   
   You - Ten Sharp 
   
   YMCA - Village Garden 
   
   You got that something - Robyn 
   
   You might need somebody - Randy Crawford 
   
   You're the inspiration -  Chicago 
   
   You got a friend - Carol King 
   
   99 Luftballongs - Nena  
   
                                      
                                      
                                Abracadabra
   
     I heat up, I can't cool down You got me spinnin' 'Round and 'round
   'Round and 'round and 'round it goes Where it stops nobody knows Every
     time you call my name I heat up like a burnin' flame Burnin' flame
            full of desire Kiss me baby, let the fire get higher
   
    Abra-abra-cadabra I want to reach out and grab ya Abra-abra-cadabra
   You make me hot,  you make me sigh You make me laugh, you make me cry
       Keep me burnin' for your love With the touch of a velvet glove
    Abra-abra-cadabra I want to reach out and grab ya Abra-abra-cadabra
                                Abracadabra
   
     I feel the magic in your caress feel magic when I touch your dress
   Silk and satin, leather and lace Black panties with an angel's face I
     see magic in your eyes I hear the magic in your sighs Just when I
      think I'm gonna get away I hear those words that you always say
   
    Abra-abra-cadabra I want to reach out and grab ya Abra-abra-cadabra
                                Abracadabra
   
     Every time you call my name I heat up like a burnin' flame Burnin'
   flame full of desire Kiss me baby, let the fire get higher I heat up,
     I can't cool down My situation goes 'round and 'round I heat up, I
   can't cool down My situation goes 'round and 'round I heat up, I can't
               cool down My situation goes 'round and 'round
   
                                      
                                Africa -Toto
   
   I hear the drums echoing tonight She hears only whispers of some quiet
    conversation She's coming in 12:30 flight Moonlit wings reflect the
    stars that guide me towards salvation I stopped an old man along the
    way Hoping to find some long forgotten words or ancient melodies He
     turned to me as if to say, "Hurry boy, it's waiting there for you"
   
                                  Chorus:
   
   It's gonna take a lot to drag me away from you There's nothing that a
     hundred men or more could ever do I bless the rains down in Africa
    Gonna take some time to do the things we never had The wild dogs cry
      out in the night As they grow restless longing for some solitary
    company I know that I must do what's right Sure as Kilimanjaro rises
     like Olympus above the Serengeti I seem to cure what's deep inside
    Frightened of this thing that I've becomechorus (Instrumental break)
   "Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you "It's gonna take a lot to drag
   me away from you There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever
   do I bless the rains down in Africa, I bless the rains down in AfricaI
     bless the rains down in Africa, I bless the rains down in Africa I
    bless the rains down in Africa Gonna take some time to do the things
                                we never had
   
                                      
                        All I Wanna Do - Sheryl Crow
   
    Hit it! This ain't no disco It ain't no country club either This is
    LA! "All I wanna do is have a little fun before I die, "Says the man
    next to me out of nowhere It's apropos of nothing He says his name's
   William but I'm sure He's Bill or Billy or Mac or Buddy And he's plain
     ugly to me And I wonder if he's ever had a day of fun in his whole
     life We are drinking beer at noon on Tuesday In a bar that faces a
   giant car wash The good people of the world are washing their cars On
   their lunch break, hosing and scrubbing As best they can in skirts in
     suits They drive their shiny Datsuns and Buicks Back to the phone
   company, the record store tooWell, they're nothing like Billy and me,
   cause [Chorus] All I wanna do is have some fun I got a feeling I'm not
    the only one All I wanna do is have some fun I got a feeling I'm not
    the only one All I wanna do is have some fun Until the sun comes up
      over Santa Monica Boulevard I like a good beer buzz early in the
   morning And Billy likes to peel the labels From his bottles of Bud He
   shreds them on the bar Then he lights every match in an oversized pack
     Letting each one burn down to his thick fingers before blowing and
   cursing them out- And he's watching the bottles of Bud as they spin on
    the floor And a happy couple enters the bar Dangerously close to one
   another The bartender looks up from his want ads Chorus Other wise the
    bar is ours, The day and the night and the car wash too The matches
     and the Buds and the clean and dirtycars The sun and the moon but
    Chorus We Do What We Can Sheryl Crow/Bill Bottrell/Kevin Gilbert/Dan
    Schwartz Downstairs they're playing Kenton The house set to swing I
      lay in my bed And listen to everything Cause Leo's in rare form
    tonight His trombone sings so sweet This is the room Where they all
                                come to meet
   
                                      
                    All I Want To Do Is Make Love To You
   
   It was a rainy night when he came into sight Standing by the road, no
   umbrella, no coat So I pulled up along side and  I offered him a ride
   He accepted with a smile  so we drove for a while I didn't ask him his
   name,  this lonely boy in the rain Fate tell me it's right,  is this
   love at first sight
   All I wanna do is make love to you Say you will You want me too
   All I wanna do is make love to you I've got lovin' arms to hold on to
   So we found this hotel,  it was a place I knew well We made magic that
   night.
   Oh, he did everything right He brought the woman out of me,   so many
   times, easily And in the morning when he woke all I left him was a
   note  I told him "I am the flower you are the seed"  We walked in the
   garden  we planted a tree Don't try to find me,  please don't you dare
   Just live in my memory,  you'll always be there
   All I wanna do is make love to you One night of love was all we knew
   All I wanna do is make love to you I've got lovin' arms to hold on to
   Oh, oooh, we made love Love like strangers All night long We made love
   Then it happened one day, we came round the same way You can imagine
   his surprise when he saw his own eyes I said "please, please
   understand I'm in love with another man And what he couldn't give me
   was the one little thing that you can"
   All I wanna do is make love to you One night of love was all we knew
   All I wanna do is make love to you Say you will, you want me too
   All night long All night long All night long All night long
   
                                      
                         All My Life - K-Ci & JoJo
   
     I will never find another lover sweeter than you, sweeter than you
   I will never find another lover more precious than you, more precious
                                  than you
     Girl You are Close to me you're like my mother, Close to me you're
   like my father, Close to me you're like my sister, Close to me you're
    like my brother You are the only one my everything and for you this
                                song I sing
   
     All my life I pray for someone like you I thank God that I, that I
                             finally found you
   All my life I pray for someone like you I hope that you feel the same
                                  way too
                    Yes, I pray that you do, love me too
   
   Said I promised to never fall in love with a stranger, You're all I'm
                    thinking of I praise the Lord above,
    For sending me your love, I cherish every hug, I REALLY LOVE YOU!!!
   
    All my life, I pray for someone like you, I thank God that I, that I
                             finally found you
   All my life I pray for someone like you I hope that you feel the same
                                  way too
                      Yes, I pray that you do, love me
   
   You're all that I've ever known, your smile on your face, all I see is
                                  a glow,
        You turned my life around, You picked me up when I was down,
      You're all that I've ever known, when you smile your face glows,
   You picked me up when I was down You're all that I've ever known, when
                         you smile your face glows,
    You picked me up when I was down & I hope that you feel the same way
                                    too,
                     Yes I pray that you do love me too
   
    All my life, I pray for someone like you, I thank God that I, that I
                             finally found you
   All my life I pray for someone like you I hope that you feel the same
                                  way too
    Yes, I pray that you do, love me too All my life I pray for someone
                                  like you
   
                                      
                          Bitch - Meredith Brooks
   
   I hate the world today You're so good to me I know but I can't change
        tried to tell you but you look at me like maybe I'm an angel
     underneath innocent and sweet Yesterday I cried You must have been
      relieved to see the softer side I can understand how you'd be so
    confused I don't envy you I'm a little bit of everything all rolled
    into one Chorus: I'm a bitch, I'm a lover I'm a child, I'm a mother
    I'm a sinner, I'm a saint I do not feel ashamed I'm your health, I'm
    your dream I'm nothing in between You know you wouldn't want it any
       other way So take me as I am This may mean you'll have to be a
    stronger man Rest assured that when I start to make you nervous and
    I'm going to extremes tomorrow I will change and today won't mean a
       thing Chorus Just when you think you've got me figured out the
     season's already changing I think it's cool you do what you do and
   don't try to save me Chorus I'm a bitch, I'm a tease I'm a goddess on
   my knees when you hurt, when you suffer I'm your angel undercover I've
    been numbed, I'm revived can't say I'm not alive You know I wouldn't
                           want it any other way
   
                                      
                     Busses and traines - Bachelorgirl
   
   Hey Mom Why didn't you tell me Why didn't you teach me a thing or two
                             You just let me go
      Out into the World You never thought to share what you knew So I
                             walked under a bus
   I got hit by a train Keep falling in love Which is kinda the same I've
   sunk out at sea Crashed my car, gone insane And it felt so good I want
      to do it again Hey Mom Why didn't you warn me Coz about boys is
        something i should have known Their like chocolate cake Like
   cigarettes I know they're bad for me But I just can't leave 'em alone
   
                                   Chorus
   
   I wanna do it again Oh, felt so good Hey Mom Since we're talking What
   was it like when you where young Has the world changed Or is it still
           the same A man can kill and still be the sweetest fun
   
                                Choruses Out
   
                     Can't help falling in love - Elvis
   
   Wise men say, only fools rush in, but i can't help falling in love
   with you. Shall i stay? Would it be a sin? If i can't help falling in
   love with you. Like a river flows, surely to the see, darling so it
   goes, somethings are meant to be. Take my hand, take my hole life too,
   For i can't help falling in love with you, For i can't help falling in
   love with you.
   
                                      
                         Cruel Summer - Bananarama
   
    Hot summer streets And the pavements are burning I sit around Trying
     to smile but The air is so heavy and dry Strange voices are saying
   Things I can't understand It's too close for comfort This heat has got
                             Right out of hand
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
     It's a cruel, cruel summer Leaving me here on my own It's a cruel,
    cruel summer Now you're gone The city is crowded My friends are away
     And I'm on my own It's too hot to handle So I got to get up and go
   
                                   CHORUS
   
                                      
                           Crush - Jennifer Page
   
   a crush a crush see you blowin' me a kiss it doesn't take a scientist,
   to understand whats goin' on baby If you see something in my eye let's
          not over analyze don't go too deep with it baby. (baby)
   
                                (Chorus 1):
   
   so let it be what it'll be don't make a fuss and go crazy over you and
     me Here's what I'll do I'll play the wuss, not like we have a date
                                with destiny
   
                                (Chorus 2):
   
   It's just (a), a little crush (crush) not like I faint, every time we
    touch It's just (a) some little thing (crush) Not like every thing i
     do ooh depends on you ooh sha la la la sha la la la It's rasin' my
   adrenilin' you're banging on a heart of tin please don't make too much
   of this baby Say "that were for ever more" that's not what im lookin'
                 for, all I can commit to is maybe (maybe)
   
                             (Repeat Chorus 1)
   
                             (Repeat Chorus 2)
   
                              (dream version)
   
      Vanilla skies (vanilla skies) White Picket fences in your eyes A
                  vision of you and me (and me.....{fade})
   
                            (Repeat Chorus 2) x3
   
                                      
                      Delicate - Terence Trent D´Arby
   
    Delicate like rain, Delicate like snow Delicate like birds, Delicate
   just so Delicate like air, Delicate like breeze  Delicate like you and
   me A delicate advance, A delicate retreat Delicately planned, Delicate
    like peace, Delicate like a touch That's delicately brief, Delicate
   like you and me Delicate like trinkets on her bracelet (Like trinkets
   on her bracelet) Delicate like a bracelet on your arm (Like a bracelet
      on your arm) Delicate like sweet arms around me (Your sweet arms
                                 around me)
   
    Delicate like me on top of you Delicate like words Delicate how time
        So delicately runs Then delicately dies Delicate how eyes So
   delicately breathe Delicate like you my dear Delicate like me my love
   Delicate like you and Delicate like me and Delicate like Delicate like
                                 you and me
   
                                      
                          Do you really want me :
   
      Boy, listen careful to me now, cause this is something every man
                                should know.
   Oh this, is a lesson about how, you treat your girl right just let it
   show. That you love her, that you need her say that you want her in
   every way. You gotta show your girl a little respect or you wont get
   nothing back but hate, it's those little things that mean so much you
   gotta treat her right or get out of her sight.
   
     Do you really want me am I really special, taking is so easy boys
     giving back unusual. If you really want me, don't make me wait to
   long, respect and love is the key just listen to my song. Safe, is how
             she want's to feel, protect her with all you got.
   
   Oh she, wants to know your love for real, and be a good lover make her
                                    hot,
   then she'll do everything, love you day and knight, she'll do anything
   just do her right it's those little things that means so much you
   gotta treat her right or get out of her sight.
   
                 Do you really want me am I really special,
   taking is so easy but giving back unusual. If you really want me,
   don't make me wait to long,
   
            respect and love is the key just listen to my song.
   Girls don't give it up, give your best no part time job, no time to
   rest. Let him know what's up before so he can give you more and more. 
   
                                      
                          Don't Let Go - En Vouge
   
    What's it gonna be Cuz I can't pretend Don't you wanna be more than
   friends Hold me tight and don't let go Don't let go Have the right to
    loose control Don't let go I often tell myself That we could be more
    than just friends I know you think that if we move to soon It would
       all end I live in misery when you're not around And I won't be
    satisfied 'till we're taking those vows There'll be some lovemaking,
      heartbreaking, soul shaking Oh, lovemaking, heartbreaking, soul
     shaking Repeat1 I often fantasize The stars above are watching you
    They know my heart and speak to yours Like only lovers do If I could
   wear your clothes I'd pretend I was you and loose control There'll be
        some lovemaking, heartbreaking, soul shaking Oh lovemaking,
     heartbreaking, soul shaking, oh yeah Repeat1 Running in and out my
    life has got me so confused You gotta make the sacrifice Somebody's
      got to choose We can make it if we try for the sake of you and I
             Together we can make it right Repeat 1 until fade
   
                                      
                             Dreams - Gabrielle
   
   Dreams can come true Look at me babe if I'm with youYou know you gotta
    have hopeYou know you've got to be strong Move a step closerYou know
    that i want you I can tell by your eyes That you want me too Just a
   question of time I knew we'd be together And that you'd be mine I want
    you here forever Do you hear what I'm saying Gotta say how I fee l I
     can't believe you're here But I know that you're realI know what I
    wantAnd baby it's you I can't deny my feelings' Cos I know they are
   true I've seen you sometimes On your own and in crowds I knew I had to
   have you My hopes didn't let me down Now you're by my side And I feel
   so good I've nothing to hide Don't fee; that ui ever could Do you hear
   what I'm saying Gotta say how I feel I can't believe you; re here But
    I know that you're real I know whgat I want And baby it's you Can't
      deny my feelings Because they are true I'm not making plans for
    tomorrow Let's live for tonight I know I want you baby So hold me so
      tight Put your arms around me You make me feel so safe Then you
                 whisper in my ear That you're here to stay
   
                                      
                       Every Breath you take - Sting 
   
    i Every Breath you take, every move you make, every bond you brake,
     every step you take I\rquote ll be watching you. Every single day
   every word you say, every game you play, every night you stay I\'b4 ll
   been watching you. Oh can\rquote t you see you belong to me. How poor
    heart aches with every step you take. Every move you make every vow
     you break every smile you fake every claim you stake I\'b4ll been
   watching you. Since you\rquote ve gone I been lost without a trace, I
    dream at night I can only see you\rquote re face. I look around but
   it\rquote s you I can\rquote t replace, I feel so cold and I long for
   jour embrace. I keep crying baby baby please. Oh can\rquote t you see,
   you belong to me, How poor heart aches with every step you take. Every
   move you make every vow you break every smile you fake every claim you
    stake I\'b4ll been watching you. Every move you make every step you
   take I\rquote ll been watching you. I\rquote ll be watching you. \par
                                     }}
   
                                      
                           Everybody hurts - REM
   
     When the day is long and the night, the night is yours alone, when
    you're sure you've had enough of this life, well hang on. Don't let
   yourself go, everybody cries and everybody hurts sometimes. Sometimes
     everything is wrong. Now it's time to sing along. When your day is
   night alone, (hold on, hold on) if you feel like letting go, (hold on)
       when you think you've had too much of this life, well hang on.
   Everybody hurts. Take comfort in your friends. Everybody hurts. Don't
      throw your hand. Oh, no. Don't throw your hand. If you feel like
    you're alone, no, no, no, you are not alone If you're on your own in
   this life, the days and nights are long, when you think you've had too
       much of this life to hang on. Well, everybody hurts sometimes,
    everybody cries. And everybody hurts sometimes. And everybody hurts
    sometimes. So, hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on.
      Hold on, hold on. (repeat & fade) (Everybody hurts. You are not
                                  alone.)
   
                                      
                         Finally found - The Honeys
   
    Ooh ooh ooh I can't believe you're here with me And now it seems my
    world's complete And I never want this moment to end I close my eyes
    and still I see My dreams become reality And now I know how it feels
    to be in love I prayed so many nights that you would come my way An
   angel from above to light my darkest day I think it's time for you to
           heed these lines 'Cos there's something I want to say
   
   I finally found what I've been looking for And now you know I'm going
   to love you more Hold me tight 'cos it's always been you (It's always
   been you) To think that you were always there (always there) To be my
   friend and wipe away my tears Now it's clear that it's always been you
   
    Sometimes you don't expect that friends Can become lovers in the end
    Only God knows what the future will bring So hold me close and don't
      let go 'Cos this is love boy, don't you know? And we're gonna be
    together for eternity I prayed so many nights that you would come my
    way An angel from above to light my darkest day A love so strong it
                 can't be wrong It's with you that I belong
   
   I finally found what I've been looking for (finally found) And now you
    know I'm going to love you more Hold me tight 'cos it's always been
    you (It's always been you) To think that you were always there ( you
     were always there) To be my friend and wipe away my tears Now it's
                   clear that it's always been you (you)
   
   This time) this time I'm gonna make sure it turns out right I wanna be
    your everything and by your side For the rest of my life (This love)
      This love feels the way that love should be Look in my eyes and
           realise there's no disguise 'Cos I'm in love with you
   
   I finally found what I've been looking for And now you know I'm going
   to love you more Hold me tight 'cos it's always been you To think that
   you were always there (you were always there) To be my friend and wipe
     away my tears (Wipe away my tears) Now it's clear that it's always
                      been you (It's always been you)
   
    I finally found what I've been looking for (I finally found) And now
      you know I'm going to love you more Hold (oh) me tight 'cos it's
    always been you (It's always been you) To think that you were always
     there (don't you know?) To be my friend and wipe away my tears (oh
   baby) Now it's clear that it's always been you (Always been you, yeah
   yeah) I finally found what I've been looking for (I finally found it)
   And now you know I'm going to love you more (Yeah, I finally found it)
    Hold me tight 'cos it's always been you (It's always been you oh) To
    think that you were always there (what I been looking for) To be my
   friend and wipe away my tears (What I been looking for) Now it's clear
                 that it's always been you (Always always)
   
                                      
                           Forever - Mariah Carey
   
    Forever Those days of love are gone Our time is through Still I burn
   on and on All of my life Only for you From now Until forever And ever,
    my darling ForeverYou will always be the only oneYou will always be
     the only one As long as I shall live I'll hold you dear And I will
   reminisce Of our love all through the years From now Until forever And
      ever, my darling ForeverYou will always be the only one You will
   always be the only one If you should ever need me Unfailingly, I will
   return to your arms And unburden your heart And if you should remember
   That we belong together Never be ashamed Call my name Tell me I'm the
   one you treasure Forever And ever, my darling Forever You will always
   be the only one You will always be the only one You will always be the
      only one ForeverYou will always be the only one Forever You will
       always be the only one Forever You will always be the only one
   ForeverYou will always be the only one Forever You will always be the
                                  only one
   
                                      
                          Heart and souls - T-pau
   
    Something in the moonlight catches my eye The shadow of a lover goes
   dancing by Looking for a little bit of love to grow, so give me love,
   give me heart and soul. You never let me cross the other side now I'm
   tied to the hope that you will somehow Hard on the heels of something
    more, but I lost your love, heart and soul. The tear in my heart as
     you walk on by. More than an ocean I feel so low and your head is
    high. Everything you do convinces me more Keeps us apart Please give
     me love, give me heart and soul Looking to the day when I saw your
                           face I feel a tearing
   
    Wasn't in the running, I wasn't in the race in half of my heart You
   moved in a way that I'd known before, Now I want your love, heart and
    soul Tired eyes, tears that dried Leaving you ain't easy now, on the
   bed on the pillow where you told your lies but loving you's the harder
      part A turn of the key, my blood runs cold You never want me for
   myself Don't look back to hurt me more And I've needed you right from
            the Everything you said was to the point very start
   
                        Oh won't you even try to...
   
                               CHORUS (sung):
   
   Give a little bit of heart and soul give a little bit of love to grow
   Give a little bit of heart and soul and don't you make me beg for more
    Give a sign I need to know a little bit of heart and soul Walking on
    the water, walking on the air A walk on the water, ooh, That was the
    heart of the love we shared Do you keep a secret left untold Is all
    that I need, So you can't give love heart and soul? I sued to have a
    lover with the midas touch, But miracles are not happening. I turned
                       to gold but he turned to dust.
   
    Left me for another, I turned to stone. Now give me love, heart and
   soul. Tired eyes, tears that dried Living in a fantasy, On the bed on
   the pillow where the love has died There's never any room to breathe.
    A turn of the key through the door you go. Hoping every waking hour
    Don't look back to hurt me more. You'll turn around and say that we
    can start Everything you said just said it all. Can't you try to Oh
                          won't you even try to...
   
                                   CHORUS
   
   Somehow, I lost my way looking to see something in your eyes but love
        will never compromise Now this is the politics of life, yeah
   
                                   CHORUS
   
                                      
                            Hero - Mariah Carey
   
     There's a hero, if you look inside your heart You don't have to be
   afraid of what you are There's an answer, if you reach into your soul
     And the sorrow that you know will melt away And then a hero comes
    along, with the strength to carry on And you cast your fears aside,
   and you know you can survive So, when you feel like hope is gone, look
    inside you and be strong And you finally see the truth, that a hero
                                lies in you
   
    It's a long road, and you face the world alone No one reaches out a
   hand for you to hold You can find love, search within yourself And the
    emptiness you bear will disappear And then the hero... Lord knows -
   dreams are hard to follow But don't let anyone take that away Hold on
   - there will be tomorrow In time you find the way And then the hero...
              That a hero lies in you That a hero lies in you
   
                                      
               How Come, How Long - Babyface f/ Stevie Wonder
   
   There was a girl I used to know She was oh so beautiful But she's not
   here anymore She had a college degree Smart as anyone could be She had
    so much to live for But she fell in love With the wrong kinda man He
   abused her love and treated her so bad There was not enough education
    in her world That could save the life of this little girl How come,
    how long It's not right, it's so wrong Do we let it just go on Turn
   our backs and carry on Wake up, for it's too late Right now, we can't
    wait She won't have a second try Open up your hearts As well as your
      eyes She tried to give a cry for help She even blamed things on
     herself But no one came to her aid Nothing was wrong as far as we
    could tell That's what we'd like to tell ourselves But no, it wasn't
     that way So she fell in love With the wrong kinda man And she paid
    with her life For loving that man So we cannot ignore, We must look
                               for the signs
   
                                      
                    How Do I Deal - Jennifer Love Hewitt
   
   Everyday I wake up to another day gone by, Nothing but the open roads
     and a never ending why Anything can happen, yeah, but nothing ever
   does, I try to change, it's kinda strange, Same as it ever was... But
   look at us. And how do I deal with you, How do I deal with me, When I
    don't even know myself, or what it is you want from me. And how do I
      deal with us, How do I know what's real, When I don't even trust
         myself, Or what it is I feel, And how do I deal... Yeah...
   
      Every night in the dark I lie awake in bed, How am I supposed to
    dream, with all the static in my head. Torn in all directions and I,
        pray for some relief. What can I do but feel the weight I'm
    underneath, And grit my teeth. And how do I deal with you, How do I
    deal with me, When I don't even know myself, Or what it is you want
       from me. And how do I deal with love Why do I have to choose.
     Everybody's telling me, what the hell I have to do... And how do I
      deal with us, How do I know what's real, When I don't even trust
     myself, Or what it is I feel... Now how do I deal... How do I deal
   with you, When I don't even know myself or what it is you want from me
     How do I deal, When everybody's telling me what the hell I have to
   do... How do I deal with you how do I deal with me, When I don't even
    know myself, or what it is you want from me. How do I deal with us,
   How do I know what's real, When I don't even trust myself, Or what it
    is I feel,  And how do I deal... Yeah... How do I... how do I... how
   do I deal... How do I... how do I... how do I deal with you...At night
    I lay in bed, with static in my head... How do I trust myself when I
                         don't know what's real...
   
                                      
                              I Do - Lisa Loeb
   
   When I'm done with thinking, then I'm done with you. When I'm done
   with crying, then I'm done with you. When I feel so tired, then I'm
   done with you. Everybody feels this way sometimes, everybody feels
   this way And I do. You can't hear it, but I do. You can't hear it, but
   I do. You're trying to convince me that what I've done's not right. I
   get so frustrated,
   
   I stay up every night. You ask me for an answer, and I'm so tired and
   I'm up in the air. Everybody feels this way sometimes, everybody feels
   this way And I do. You can't hear it but I do. You can't hear it, but
   I'm feeling this way just because you say I will be ignored. I will be
   denied. I could be erased. I could be brushed aside I will get scared,
    and I will get shoved down, But I feel like I do because you push me
     around. I'm starting to ignore you, I've doubted you so long. I'm
       tired of overthinking, I know you don't belong. Now I'm asking
       questions - no one pushes me around. Everybody feels this way
   sometimes, everybody feels this way - And I do. You can't hear it, but
                I do. You don't seem angry, but I do. I do.
   
                  I Don't Want To Miss A Thing - Aerosmith
   
    I could stay awake just to hear you breathing Watch you smile while
   you are sleeping While you're far away dreaming I could spend my life
   in this sweet surrender I could stay lost in this moment forever Every
    moment spent with you is a moment I treasure Don't want to close my
    eyesI don't want to fall asleep Cause I'd miss you baby And I don't
   want to miss a thing Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream
   will never do I'd still miss you baby And I don't want to miss a thing
    Lying close to you feeling your heart beating And I'm wondering what
    you're dreaming Wondering if it's me you're seeing Then I kiss your
   eyes And thank God we're together I just want to stay with you in this
    moment forever Forever and ever Don't want to close my eyes I don't
   want to fall asleep Cause I'd miss you baby And I don't want to miss a
   thing Cause even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do
   I'd still miss you baby And I don't want to miss a thing I don't want
   to miss one smile I don't want to miss one kiss I just want to be with
   you Right here with you, just like this I just want to hold you close
   Feel your heart so close to mine And just stay here in this moment For
   all the rest of time Don't want to close my eyes I don't want to fall
   asleep Cause I'd miss you baby And I don't want to miss a thing Cause
    even when I dream of you The sweetest dream will never do I'd still
   miss you baby And I don't want to miss a thing Don't want to close my
       eyes I don't want to fall asleep I don't want to miss a thing
   
                                      
                       I Don't Want To - Toni Braxton
   
   I really don't feel like talking on the phone And I really don't feel
   like company at home Lately I don't want to do the things I used to do
     Baby since, I lost you1-And I don't want to sing another love song
    babe I don't want to hum another melody I don't want to live my life
    without you babe, yeah It's driving me crazy (crazy) I really don't
   feel like smiling anymore And I haven't had the peace to sleep at all
   Ever since you went away, baby my whole life has changed I don't want
   to, love and I don't want to live(rpt 1) I don't wanna laugh, I don't
   wanna play I don't want to talk, I have nothing to say I don't want to
   tour, forget the show how can I go on Now that you are gone (rpt 1, 1)
   
                                      
                       I Eat Cannibals - Total Coelo
   
      I eat cannibal Feed on animal Your love is so edible to me I eat
    cannibals I eat cannibal It's incredible You bring out the animal in
   me I eat cannibals What can you do You're in a stew Hot hot cook it up
     I'm never gonna stop Fancy a bite My appetite Yum yum gee it's fun
     Banging on a different drum And I eat cannibal Feed on animal Your
   love is so edible to me I eat cannibals I eat cannibal It's incredible
    You bring out the animal in me I eat cannibals I like the spiceTasty
                                  and nice
   
                                      
                      I'll Be Missing You - Puff Daddy
   
     Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show I lace the track you
   lock the flow So far from hanging on the block of dough Notorious they
     got to know that Life ain't always as they seem to be Words can't
     express what you mean to me And though you're gone We still a team
   Through your family I'll fulfill your dreams In the future can't wait
   to see If you'll open up the gates for me Remenice sometime The night
    they took my friend Try to black it out but it plays again When it's
   weird feelin' it's really hard to conceil Can't imagine all the pain I
   feel Give everything to hear half your breath I know you still livin'
                           your life after death
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
     (Faith) Every step I take Every move I make Every single day Every
   time I pray I'll be missing you Thinking of the day When you went away
    What a life to take What a bond to break I'll be missing you (Puff)
    It's kind of hard wit you not around Know you in heaven smilin' down
    Watchin' us while we pray for you Everyday we pray for you Till the
    day we meet again In my heart is where I'll keep you friend Memories
    give me the strength I need to proceed Strength I need to believe My
    thoughts big I just can't define Wish I could turn back the hands of
    time Bust in the 6 Shop for new clothes and kicks You and me taking
     flicks Making hits stages they receive you on Still can't believe
    you're gone Give anything to hear half your breath I know you still
                        livin' your life after death
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
     (Faith) Every step I take Every move I make Every single day Every
   time I pray I'll be missing you Thinking of the day When you went away
   What a life to take What a bond to break I'll be missing you Somebody
     tell me why One day morning When this life is over I know I'll see
                                 your face
   
   CHORUS ( Every night I pray Every step I take Every move I make Every
                                 single day
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
     (Faith) Every step I take Every move I make Every single day Every
   time I pray I'll be missing you Thinking of the day When you went away
        What a life to take What a bond to break I'll be missing you
   
                                      
               I'll Never Break Your Heart - Backstreet Boys
   
    Spoken: Honey, I know you're hurting. Right now you feel like you'd
    could never love again. But all I ask for, is chance to prove that I
                                 love you.
   
    From the first day that I saw your smiling face Honey I knew that we
     would be together forever When I asked you out, you said no, but I
     found out Darling you'd been hurt, you felt that you'd never love
     again I deserve a try, honey, just once Give me a chance, and I'll
   prove this all wrong You walked in you were quick to judge But honey,
    he's nothing like me I'll never break your heart I'll never make you
     cry I'd rather die, then live without you I'll give you all of me,
      honey that's no lie 2x As time goes by you will get to know me A
     little more better, girl that's the way love goes And I know your
   afraid, to let your feelings show And I understand, but girl it's time
    to let go I deserve a try honey, just once Give me a chance and I'll
     prove this all wrong You walked in you were so quick to judge But
    honey he's nothing like me Darling why can't you seeI'll never break
    your heart I'll never make you cry I'd rather die, then live without
                                    you
   
                                      
                    I Want It That Way - Backstreet boys
   
    You are my fire The one desire Believe when I say I want it that way
     But we are two worlds apart Can't reach to your heart When you say
                          That I want it that way
   
                                   CHORUS
   
    Tell me why Ain't nothin' but a heartache Tell me why Ain't nothin'
    but a mistake Tell me why I never wanna hear you say I want it that
   way Am I your fire Your one desire Yes I know it's too late But I want
                                it that way
   
                                  CHORUS -
   
     repeat: Now I can see that we've fallen apart From the way that it
    used to be, yeah No matter the distance I want you to know that Deep
                             down inside of me
   
     You are my fire The one desire You are, you are, you are, you are
      Don't wanna hear you say... Ain't nothin' but a heartache Ain't
   nothin' but a mistake I wanna hear you say I never wanna hear you say
                             I want it that way
   
                                  CHORUS -
   
   repeat: Tell me why(brian stretches why) Ain't nothin' but a heartache
    Ain't nothin' but a mistake Tell me why I never wanna hear you say I
                  want it that way Cuz I want it that way
   
                                      
                          I want you back - N'Sync
   
     You're all I ever wanted You're all I ever needed, yeah So tell me
   what you do now Cause I want you back It's hard to say I'm sorry It's
    hard to make the things I did undone A lesson I've learned too well,
   for sure So don't hang up the phone now I'm trying to figure out just
   what to do I'm going crazy without you You're all I ever wanted You're
   all I ever needed, yeah So tell me what to do now When I want you back
   Baby I remember The way you used to look at me and say Promises never
    last forever I told you not to worry I said that everything will be
               alright I didn't know than that you were right
   
                                   CHORUS
   
   I want you back You're the one I want You're the one I need Girl what
   can I do You're the one I want You're the one I need Tell me what can
                                    I do
   
                                      
                           Big Big Girl - Emilia
   
   I'm a big big girl in a big big world It's not a big big thing if you
     leave me but I to to feel that I to to will miss you much miss you
                                  mush...
   
   I can see the first leaf falling it's all yellow and nice It's so very
                cold outside like the way I'm feeling inside
   
   I'm a big big girl in a big big world It's not a big big thing if you
     leave me but I do do feel that I to to will miss you much miss you
                                  mutch...
   
   Outside it's now raining and tears are falling from my eyes why did it
                 have to happend why did it all have to end
   
   I'm a big big girl in a big big world It's not a big big thing if you
     leave me but I do do feel that I to to will miss you much miss you
                                  mutch...
   
     I have your arms around me ooooh like fire but when I open my eyes
                               you're gone...
   
   I'm a big big girl in a big big world It's not a big big thing if you
     leave me but I do do feel that I to to will miss you much miss you
                                  mutch...
   
   I'm a big big girl in a big big world It's not a big big thing If you
        leave me but I do feel I will miss you much miss you much...
   
                                      
                        Intergalactic - Beasty Boys
   
       Cast you off into exile Intergalactic planetary Intergalactic
   Planetary Planetary Intergalactic Another Dimension Don't you tell me
    to smile You stick around I'll make it worth your while Got numbers
     beyond what you can dial Maybe it's because I'm so versatile Style
    profile I said It always brings me back when I hear Ooh Child >From
   the Hudson River out to the Nile I run the marathon just up until the
     very last mile If you battle me I will revile People always say my
     style is wild You've got gall you've got guile To step to me I'm a
   rapophile If you want to battle you're in denial Coming from Uranus to
               check my style Go ahead put my rhymes on trial
   
   Planetary intergalactic Jazz and Awol that's our team Step inside the
   party disrupt the whole scene When it comes to beats well I'm a fiend
     I like my sugar with coffee and cream Got to keep it going keep it
   going full steam Too sweet to be sour too nice to be mean On the tough
   guy style I'm not too keen To try to change the world I will plot and
   scheme Mario C likes to keep it clean Gonna shine like a sunbeam Keep
   on rapping cause that's my dreamGot an A from Moe Dee for sticking to
    themes When it comes to envy y'all is green Jealous of the rhyme and
   the rhyme routine Another dimension new galaxy Intergalactic planetary
   
   Intergalactic planetary Planetary intergalactic >From the family tree
     of old school hip hop Kick off your shoes and relax your socks The
     rhymes will spread just like a pox Cause the music is live like an
   electric shock I am known to do the Wop Also known for the Flintstone
     Flop Tammy D getting biz on the crop Beastie Boys known to let the
    beat drop When I wrote graffiti my name was Slop If my rap's soup my
    beats is stock Step from the tables as I start to chop I'm a lumber
   jack DJ Adrock If you try to knock me you'll get mocked I'll stir fry
   you in my wok Your knees'll start shaking and your fingers pop Like a
      pinch on the neck of Mr. Spock Intergalactic planetary Planetary
                   intergalactic Another dimension do it
   
                                      
                         Into the groove - Madonna
   
           And you can dance For inspiration Come on I'm waiting
   
                                  Chorus:
   
   Get into the groove Boy you've got to prove Your love to me, yeah Get
    up on your feet, yeah Step to the beat Boy what will it be Music can
    be such a revelation Dancing around you feel the sweet sensation We
    might be lovers if the rhythm's right I hope this feeling never ends
                                  tonight
   
                                  Bridge:
   
   Only when I'm dancing can I feel this free At night I lock the doors,
     where no one else can see I'm tired of dancing here all by myself
                  Tonight I wanna dance with someone else
   
                                  (chorus)
   
   Gonna get to know you in a special way This doesn't happen to me every
   day Don't try to hide it love wears no disguise I see the fire burning
                                in your eyes
   
                                  (bridge)
   
                                  (chorus)
   
                               Intermediate:
   
     Live out your fantasy here with me Just let the music set you free
    Touch my body, and move in time Now I now you're mine You've got to
   
                               (intermediate)
   
   Now I know you're mine, now I know you're mine Now I know you're mine,
                    now I know you're mine You've got to
   
                 (chorus) (chorus lyrics) (repeat and fade)
   
                                      
                                   Ironic
   - Alanis Morrisette
   
    An old man turned ninety-eight He won the lottery and died the next
                  day It's a black fly in your Chardonnay
   It's a death row pardon two minutes too late Isn't it ironic... don't
     you think It's like rain on your wedding day It's a free ride when
   you've already paid It's the good advice that you just didn't take Who
                       would've thought... it figures
   
    Mr. Play It Safe was afraid to fly He packed his suitcase and kissed
    his kids good-bye He waited his whole damn life to take that flight
   And as the plane crashed down he thought "Well, isn't this nice." And
   isn't it ironic ... don't you think It's like rain on your wedding day
    It's a free ride when you've already paid It's the good  advice that
          you just didn't take Who would've thought... it figures
   
       Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you When you think
    everything's okay and everything's going right And life has a funny
     way of helping you out when You think everything's gone wrong and
                      everthing blows up In your face
   
      A traffic jam when you're already late A no-smoking sign on your
    cigarette break It's like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife
   It's meeting the man of my dreams And then meeting his beautiful wife
   And isn't it ironic... don't you think A little too ironic.. and yeah
                            I really do think...
   
      It's like rain on your wedding day It's a free ride when you've
      already paid It's the good advice that you just didn't take Who
                       would've thought... it figures
   
    Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you And life has a funny
                   way of helping you out Helping you out
   
                                      
                      It must have been love - Roxette
   
     Lay a whisper on my pillow, leave a winter on the ground I wake up
   lonely, there's air of silence in the bedroom and all around Touch me
    now, I close my eyes and dream away It must have been love, but its
           over now It must have been good, but I lost it somehow
   
    It must have been love but it's over now from the moment we touched
                         till the time had run out
   
   Make believing, we're together that I'm sheltered by your heart But in
   and outside I've turned to water like a teardrop in your palm And it's
   hard, winter's day, I dream away It must have been love, but its over
   now It was all I wanted, now I'm living without It must have been love
   but its over now It's where the water flows, its where the wind blows
   
   It must have been love but its over now It must have been good, but I
                              lost it somehow
   
    It must have been love, but its over now, from the moment we touched
                         till the time had run out.
   
   It must have been good, but I lost it somehow It must have been love,
     but its over now, from the moment we touched till the time had run
                                    out.
   
                                      
   I wish - Robyn 
   
    Do you know what I think about all these knights when I can't sleep,
                               sleep at all.
     Slowly I clouse my eyes. My thoughts they fly away to you no matter
   what I do. I wish I could turn back time, back to the time when you
   were mine I wish,
   
        I wish the day, the day you went away, never happened baby.
   I wish the stars, the stars in heaven would come back to me,
   
                        so I could give them to you.
   Tell me then would you be lovin me like I wish. It's so hard when you
   love someone this much But you just dont know how, how to love him the
   right way. If you could see, what you've done to me, what you done to
   my heart what you done to my soul my baby, all of my mind, and all of
   my body, then you chould know, why I can't let you go, and baby I,
   
         I wish the day, the day you went away never happened baby
   I wish the stars, the stars in heaven would come down to me, so I
   could give them to you. Tell me then would you be lovin me, like i
   wish. I don't know what you want me to do, to prove my love is real
   for you. I don't know what you want me to say baby there is no if's or
   maybe's. All I want is you, couse baby you are, my only wish.
   
                      ooo ooo ooo oo oo, my only wish.
   
                                      
                     Kiss Me Sixpence - None the Richer
   
   Verse 1: Kiss me out of the bearded barley. Nightly, beside the green,
     green grass. Swing, swing, swing the spinning step. You wear those
     shoes and I will wear that dress. Chorus: Oh, kiss me beneath the
   milky twilight. Lead me out on the moonlit floor. Lift your open hand
       trike up the band and make the fireflies dance, silver moon's
                           sparkling. So kiss me.
   
     Verse 2: Kiss me down by the broken tree house. Swing me upon its
    hanging tire. Bring, bring, bring your flowered hat. We'll take the
                     trail marked on your father's map.
   
                                  (Chorus)
   
                                      
                        Kiss the rain - Billie Myers
   
   Hello... Can you hear me? Am I gettin' through to you? Hello... Is it
   late there? There's a laughter on the line, Are you sure you're there
    alone? Cause I'm Tryin' to explain. Somethin's wrong, Ya just don't
     sound the same. Why don't you Why don't you Go outside Go outside?
    Kiss the rain Whenever you need me. Kiss the rain Whenever I'm gone,
   too long. If your lips Feel lonely and thirsty, Kiss the rain And wait
   for the dawn. Keep in mind We're under the same sky And the nights As
      empty for me, as for you. If ya feel You can't wait till mornin'
   
   Kiss the rain Kiss the rain Kiss the rain. Hello... Do you miss me? I
   hear you say you do But not the way I'm missin' you. What's new? How's
   the weather? Is it stormy where you are? 'Cause you sound so close but
     it feels like you're so far. Oh would it mean anything If you knew
    What I'm left imagining In my mind In my mind Would you go Would you
     go? Kiss the rain. And you'd fall over me. Think of me Think of me
    Think of me Only me... Kiss the rain Whenever you need me. Kiss the
   rain Whenever I'm gone too long. If your lips Feel lonely and tempted,
   Kiss the rain and wait for the dawn. Keep in mind We're under the same
     skies, And the nights As empty for me, as for you. If you feel You
   can't wait till morning, Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain.
                       Kiss the rain. Kiss the rain.
   
   Oooooohhhhh Kiss the rain. Oooooohhhhh Kiss the rain. Hello... Can ya
                  hear me? Can ya hear me? Can ya hear me?
   
                                      
                           Last Christmas - Wham
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
   Last Christmas I gave you my heart, But the very next day, you gave it
      away. This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone
                                  special.
   
                               REPEAT CHORUS
   
   Once bitten, and twice shy, I keep my distance, but you still catch my
   eye. Tell me, baby, Do you recognize me? It's been a year, It doesn't
     surprise me. Happy Christmas. I wrapped it up and sent it, With a
    note, Saying "I love you", I meant it. Now I know, What I fool I've
        been. But if you kissed me now, I know you'd fool me again.
   
                               REPEAT CHORUS
   
     A crowded room, Friends with tired eyes. I'm hiding from you, And
   you're so revived. My God, I thought you were someone to rely on, Me?
   I guess I was a shoulder to cry on. A face on a lover, With a fire in
   his heart. A man undercover, But you tore him apart. Maybe next year,
                      I'll give it to someone special.
   
                               REPEAT CHORUS
   
   Someone... Who'll give me something in return, Hold my heart and watch
   it burn. I thought here you would stay... I had you love me for a day.
        I thought you were someone special, So I gave you my heart.
   
                                      
                                      
                            Last Night - Az Yet
   
     Last night, you were so into it You told me secrets that You never
      told a soul You were so nervous and Yet oh so comfortable As we
     explored your image of love  I drank your wine as you taste mine I
    kissed your lips you felt my mind slip Into your soul I almost cried
     cuz it was so beautiful Last Night I was inside of you Last Night
    while making love to you I saw the sun, the moon, the mountains and
           the rivers I saw heaven when I made sweet love to you
     Last night there was no blood in it It was so special And so very
    innocent We talked of memories Our favorite fantasies As we explored
   our visions of love  Deep in the night Right by the fireside You felt
   my candlelight in your soul You felt incredible I started to explode I
                    almost cried cuz it was so beautiful
                                  Repeat 1
    Sunlight, red roses The scent of you it calms the heart The sight of
    you  I fall apart Moonlight, the things we noticed Oh we're in love
    That's when it comes and I'm so, I'm so in love  Repeat 1 until fade
   
                                      
                           The last time - Robyn
   
     Ever since I was a little girl even yonger than I am now. I always
    felt good about you in a special way I dont know how. And we always
    seem to find our way back to the love that we are sharing. And every
   time we say it's over I can't forget you sweet loving. After everytime
     we brake up things always turn out the same, I tell my self that I
             have shaped up but I am still apart of this game.
   
   You always seem to come back into my world and this time I hope we are
   staying on track,couse I dont wanna be any bodyelses girl I hope this
                  is the last time you'll ever come back.
   
   I want you back couse you're a good man ,the kind of man who loves you
   all thrue the knight. And though a it never turns out like I planned,
     somehow it feel so right, so this time boy dont run away couse you
   always have a place in my heart, and I swear im gonna love you til the
                  day, til the day the death do us apart.
   
    I dont have have the straight to be proud anymore i want it al to be
    just like before, i quess what im realy trying to say is that i want
     you to come back, come back to stay, couse i love you, i want you,
   closer than ever, yes i do, yes i do, yes i do, i do love you baby and
   im telling you now.couse when im up you bring me down and when im down
                          you bring me up ow yea.
   
                          Losing my religion - REM
   
   Oh life is bigger, it's bigger than you and you are not me. The lenght
     that I will go to. The distance in your eyes. Oh no, I've said too
    much, I set it up. Thats me in the corner, thats me in the spotlight
   losing my religion, trying to keep up with you. And I don't know if I
   can do it, oh no I've said too much, I haven't said enough. I Thaught
   that I heard you laughing, I thaught that I heard you sing , I think I
   thaught I saw you try. Every whisper of every waking hour I'm choosing
     my confessions. Trying to keep an eye on you like a hurt lost and
    blinded fool, fool. Oh no, I've said too much I set it up. Consider
    this, consider this, the hint of the century, consider this the slip
   that brought em to my knees, failed. What if all these fantasies come
    flailing around. Now I've said too much. I thaught that I heard you
   laughing, I thaught that I heard you sing, I think I thaught I saw you
   try. But that was just a dream, that was just a dream. Thats me in the
    corner, But that was just a dream, try , cry, why, try. But that was
              just a dream just a dream just a draeam, dream.
   
                                      
                          Lucky Me - Bachelor girl
   
   I've got an ex-boyfriend who calls me up, To blame me for his life. I
                           get bunches of roses,
   
   from another guy And hate mail from his wife. I date a stupid jerk who
                              forgets my name,
   Likes to make love while watching TV. And some guy calls in the middle
                               of the night,
      Just so I can hear him breathe Lucky Me, Lucky, Lucky Me I have
   everything in this whole wide world, A girl could ever need, Lucky Me
               I've got a great car, It's a red convertible,
   
   made by Mattel. Got a nice house in the suburbs, With 'Hell's Angels'
                          for neighbours as well.
    I've got a scholarship for a hundred years of college I wanna study
                                 dentistry,
   But my folks just want me married, And popping out the grand kids, To
                             keep them company
   
                                   Chorus
   
   Lucky, lucky little old me I have everything in this whole wide world
   A girl could ever need, Lucky Me (Lucky Me, Lucky Me) I think I wanna
    join the Hare Krishnas, Give up all my worldly goods, cut off all my
    hair. There's nothing that I have right now that brings me any joy,
   When I'm shopping at the mall, can't find it anywhere. But I've got my
   tamagotchi, And I've got my wristwatch phone. I got so many friends on
   the internet, I could never be alone. I've got just enough cash to pay
                a lot of tax, But not enough to quit my job.
   Got a fool's gold ring and credit card debt, Psychiatrist for my dog.
    Lucky Me Lucky, Lucky Little Old Me I have everything in this whole
                wide world A girl could ever need, Lucky Me
   
                              repeats to fade
   
                                      
                               Lucy - Hanson
   
     The day that I left Lucy A tear fell from her eye Now I don't have
     nobody, and I was such a fool On the day that I left Lucy. The day
   that I left Lucy She cried, then said goodbye Now it's done, and it's
   over, and I am all alone On the day that I left Lucy Now I don't have
     anymore songs to sing 'Cause you were everything, everything to me
     flat But I did-n't re-al-ize that I felt this way, until that day
   Today I'm missing Lucy, and you say that she's OK, I hope she is. Now
     I don't have nobody and no one will ever replace... My Lucy I love
            Lucy, Lucy... On the day that I left Lucy... my Lucy
   
                                      
                            Luka - Susanne Vega
   
     My name is Luka. I lived on the sacond floor. I live upstairs from
   you. Yes I think you've seen me before. If you hear something late at
              night, some kind of trouble, some kind of fight,
   
   Just dont ask me what it was, Just dont ask me what it was, Just dont
                            ask me what it was.
   
   I think it's couse i'm clumsy. I try not to talk too loud. Maybe it's
   becouse i'm crazy. I try not to act too proud. They only hit until you
                     cry. After that, you dont ask why.
   
     You just dont argue anymore, You just dont argue anymore, You just
                            dont argue anymore.
   
    Yes I think I'm OK . I walked into the door again. If you ask, that
   what I'll say. And it's not your business anyway. I quess I'd like to
               be alone, With nothing broken ,nothing thrown.
   
   You just dont ask me how I am, You just dont ask me how I am, You just
                           dont ask me how I am.
   
                                      
                           Manic Monday - Bangles
   
   Six o'clock already I was just in the middle of a dream I was kissin'
   Valentino By a crystal blue Italian stream But I can't be late 'Cause
    then I guess I just won't get paid These are the days When you wish
   your bed was already made It's just another manic Monday I wish it was
    Sunday 'Cause that's my fun day My I don't have to run day It's just
   another manic Monday Have to catch an early train Got to be to work by
     nine And if I had an air-o-plane I still couldn't make it on time
     'Cause it takes me so long Just to figure out what I'm gonna wear
   Blame it on the train But the boss is already there It's just another
   manic Monday I wish it was Sunday 'Cause that's my fun day My I don't
    have to run day It's just another manic Monday All of the nights Why
     did my lover have to pick last night To get down Doesn't it matter
    That I have to feed the both of us Employment's down He tells me in
    his bedroom voice C'mon honey, let's go make some noise Time it goes
    so fast When you're having fun It's just another manic Monday I wish
   it was Sunday 'Cause that's my fun day My I don't have to run day It's
                         just another manic Monday
   
                                      
                          Missing you - Puff Daddy
   
     Yeah, this right here goes out to everyone who's lost someone that
    they truly loved.... Check it out....Seems like yesterday we used to
      rock the show I laced the track, you locked the flow So far from
    hangin' on the block for dough Notorious they came to know that Life
    ain't always what it seem to be Words can't express what'chu mean to
      me Even though you're gone we still a team Thru your family I'll
    fulfill your dream In the future can't wait to see if you'll Open up
   the gates for me Reminisce sometime the night they took my friend Try
    to black it out, but it plays again When it's real feelings hard to
    conceal Can't imagine all the pain I feel Give anything to hear half
         your breath I know you still livin' your life after death
   
                              Chorus - Chorus
   
   Every step I take Every move I make Every single day Every time I pray
   I'll be missing you Thinking of the day When you went away What a life
   to take What a bond to breake I'll be missing you We miss you, Big....
   
     It's kinda hard wit'chu not around Know you in Heaven smilin' down
    Watching us while we pray for you Everyday we pray for you Till the
   day we meet again In my heart is where I keep you friend Memories give
      me the strength I need to proceed Strength I need to believe My
   thoughts, Big, I just can't define Wish I could turn back the hands of
    time Us and the six shop for new clothes and kicks You and me takin'
     flicks Makin' hits, stages they receive you on Still can't believe
    you're gone Give anything to hear half your breath I know you still
                        livin' your life after death
   
                                   Chorus
   
     Somebody tell me why... One glad morning When this life is over I
    know, I'll see your face Every night I pray Every step I take Every
                        move I make Every single day
   
                  Repeat over and over then fade to chorus
   
                      We miss you (in the background)
   
                                      
                         Mmmm - Crash Test Dummies
   
   Once there was this kid who Got into an accident and couldn't come to
    school But when he finally came back His hair had turned from black
    into bright white He said that it was from when The cars had smashed
    him so hard Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Once there was this girl who Wouldn't go
   and change with the girls in the change room ut when they finally made
   her They saw birth marks all over her body She couldn't quite explain
    it They'd always just been there Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm But
   both the girl and boy were glad' Cause one kid had it worse than that'
     Cause then there was this boy whose parents made him come directly
    home right after school And when they went to the church They shook
   and lurched all over the church floor He couldn't quite explain They'd
                           always just gone there
   
                      Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm Mmm
   
                                      
                           My All - Mariah Carey
   
   I am thinking of you In my sleepless solitude tonight If it's wrong to
   love you Then my heart just won't let me be right 'Cause I've drowned
           in you And I won't pull through Without you by my side
   I'd give my all To have just one more night with you I'd risk my life
     To feel your body next to mine 'Cause I can't go on Living in the
          memory of our song I'd give my all For your love tonight
   Baby, can you feel me Imagining I'm looking in your eyes I can see you
     clearly Vividly emblazoned in my mind And yet you're so far Like a
                    distant star I'm wishing on tonight
   I'd give my all To have just one more night with you I'd risk my life
     To feel your body next to mine 'Cause I can't go on Living in the
          memory of our song I'd give my all For your love tonight
   I'd give my all To have just one more night with you I'd risk my life
     To feel your body next to mine 'Cause I can't go on Living in the
    memory of our song I'd give my all For your love tonight Give my all
                           for your love Tonight
   
                                      
                     My heart will go on - C eline Dion
   
                                   INTRO:
   
   Every night in my dreams I see you, I feel you That is how I know you
    go on Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to
                               show you go on
   
                                  CHORUS:
   
    Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once
   more you open the door And you're here in my heartAnd my heart will go
   on and on (crescendo & segue!) Love can touch us one time. And last a
   life - time And never let go till we're one Love was when I loved you.
           One true time I hold to In my life we'll always go on
   
                                  Chorus:
   
    Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once
   more you open the doorAnd you're here in my heart And my heart will go
    on and You're here, there's nothing I fear, And I know that my heart
   will go on We'll stay forever this wayYou are safe in my heart And my
   heart will go on and on hmmmm mmmmmm hold I have a whole guitar melody
   worked out for the wooden flute intro that is really nice. Write me if
                        you'd like to check it out.
   
                                      
                          Never Ever - All Saints
   
   Speak: A few questions that I need to know How you could ever hurt me
   so I need to know what i've done wrong And how long it's been going on
     Was it that I never paid enough attention Or did I not give enough
   affection Not only will your answers keep me sane But i'll know never
    to make the same mistake again You can tell me to my face Or even on
    the phone You can write it in a letter Either way i've have to know
    Did I never treat you right Did I always start the fight Either way
     i'm going out of my mind All the answers to my questions I have to
   find My head's spinnin' Boy i'm in a daze I feel isolated Don't wanna
   communicate I take a shower I will scour I will roam To find peace of
    mind The happy mind I once owned yeah Flexing vocabulary runs right
      through me The alphabet runs right from a to zee Conversations,
    hesatations in my mind You got my conscience Asking questions that I
    can't find I'm not crazy I'm sure I aint done nothing wrong, no I'm
         just waiting cos I heard that this feeling won't last that
   
                                long chorus
   
   Never ever have I ever felt so low When you gonna take me out of this
   black hole Never ever have I ever felt so sad The way i'm feeling yeah
    you got me feeling really Never ever have I had to find I've had to
        dig away to find my own piece of mind I've never ever had my
   conscience to fight The way i'm feeling yeah it just don't feel right
   
     I'll keep searching Deep within my soul For all the answers Don't
     wanna hurt no more I need peace gotta feel at ease Need to be Free
      from pain Go insne My heart aches yeah Sometimes vocabulary runs
           through my head The alphabet runs right from a to zed
   
     Conversations, hesatations in my mind You got my concience asking
   questions that i can't find I'm not crazy I'm sure I aint done nothing
    wrong Now i'm just awaiting cos I heard that this feeling won't last
                                 that long
   
                                 chorus x3
   
    You can tell me to my face You can tell me on the phone Oooh you can
    write it in a letter babe Cos I really need to know You can write it
             in a letter babe You can write in in a letter babe
   
                                   (fade)
   
   
                          No matter what - Boyzone
   
   No matter what they tell us No matter what they do No matter what they
    teach us What we believe is true No matter what they call us However
   they attack No matter where they take us We'll find our own way back I
     can't deny what I believe I can't be what I'm not I know I'll love
     forever I know, no matter what If only tears were laughter If only
   night was day If only prayers were answered Then we would hear God say
   
                                   CHORUS
   
     And I will keep you safe and strong And shelter from the storm No
                          matter where it's barren
    A dream is being born No matter who they follow No matter where they
                                    lead
   
   No matter how they judge us I'll be everyone you need No matter if the
                              sun don't shine
   Or if the skies are blue No matter what the end is My life began with
                                    you
   
    I can't deny what I believe I can't be what I'm not I know, I know I
                          know this love's forever
                 That's all that matters now No matter what
   
                                      
                              No Scrubs - TLC
   
     A scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly And is also known as a buster
      Always talkin' about what he wants And just sits on his broke ass
     
                                   So (no)
     
     I don't want your number (no) don't want to give you mine and (no)
       I don't want to meet you nowhere (no) I don't want none of your
                                time and (no)
     
                                   CHORUS
     I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't get no love from
     me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best friend's ride Trying
      to holler at me I don't want no scrub A scrub is a guy that can't
       get no love from me Hanging out the passenger side Of his best
                    friend's ride Trying to holler at me
     
      But a scrub is checkin' me But his game is kinda weak And I know
       that he cannot approach me Cuz I'm lookin' like class and he's
          lookin' like trash Can't get wit' no deadbeat ass So (no)
     
     I don't want your number (no) don't want to give you mine and (no)
       I don't want to meet you nowhere (no) I don't want none of your
                                time and (no)
     
                                   CHORUS
     
      If you don't have a car and you're walking Oh yes son I'm talking
      to you If you live at home wit' your momma Oh yes son I'm talking
      to you (baby) If you have a shorty but you don't show love Oh yes
       son I'm talking to you Wanna get with me with no money Oh no I
                             don't want no (oh)
     
      No scrub No scrub (no no) No scrub (no no no no no) No scrub (no
                                   no) No
     
                                 CHORUS X 2
     
                                  Left Eye:
     See, if you can't spacially expand my horizons Then that leaves you
      in a class with scrubs never risin' I don't find it surprisin' If
       you don't have the g's To please me and bounce from here to the
       coast of overseas So, let me give you somethin' to think about
     Inundate your mind with intentions to turn you out Can't forget the
     focus on the picture in front of me You as clear as DVD on digital
     TV screen Satisfy my appetite with something spectacular Check your
      vernacular And then I get back to ya With diamond like precision
      Insatiable is what I envision Can't detect acquisition From your
       friend's expedition Mr. Big Willy if you really wanna know Ask
         Chilli, could I be a silly ho Not really, T-Boz and all my
      senoritas Is steppin' on your Filas But you don't hear me though
     
                                 CHORUS X 2
     
                                      
                       Now And Forever - Richard Marx
   
     Whenever I'm weary from the battles that rage in my head You make
    sense of madness when my sanity hangs by a thread I lose my way but
      still you seem to understand Now and forever I will be your man.
     Sometimes I just hold you Too caught up in me to see I'm holding a
     fortune that heaven has given to me I'll try to show you each and
    every way I can Now and forever I will be your man Now I can rest my
    worries and always be sure That I won't be alone anymore If I'd only
     known you were there all the time All this time Until the day the
    ocean doesn't touch the sand Now and forever I will be your man Now
                       and forever I will be your man
   
                                      
                          Open Arms - Mariah Carey
   
    Lying beside you here in the dark Feeling your heart beat with mine
   Softly you whisper You're so sincere How could our love be so blind We
   sailed on together We drifted apart And here you are by my side So now
     I come to you with open arms Nothing to hide Believe what I say So
   here I am with open arms Hoping you'll see what your love means to me
     Open arms Living without you Living aloneThis empty house seems so
    cold Wanting to hold you Wanting you near How much I wanted you home
   But now that you've come back Turned night into day I need you to stay
   So now I come to you with open arms Nothing to hide Believe what I say
   So here I am with open arms Hoping you'll see what your love means to
                           me Open arms Arms Arms
   
                                      
                Right here waiting fore you - Richard Marx 
   
   Oceans apart day after day And I slowly go insane I hear your voice on
    the line But it doesn't stop the pain If I see you next to never How
     can we say forever Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right
    here waiting for you Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will
                       be right here waiting for you
    I took for granted, all the times That I though would last somehow I
   hear the laughter, I taste the tears But I can't get near you now Oh,
              can't you see it baby You've got me goin' Crazy
    Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right here waiting for you
   Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will be right here waiting
   for you I wonder how we can survive This romance But in the end if I'm
                       with you I'll take the chance
            Oh, can't you see it baby You've got me goin' crazy
    Wherever you go Whatever you do I will be right here waiting for you
   Whatever it takes Or how my heart breaks I will be right here waiting
                                  for you
   
                                      
                      Sitting down here - Lene Marlene
   
   Your words cuts rather deaply, they're just some other lies I'm hiding
    from a distance, I've got to pay the price defending all againgt it,
    realy don't know why you're obsessed with all my secrets, you always
   make me cry you seem to wanna hurt me no mather what I do I'm telling
     just a couple, but somehow it gets to you but I've learned to get
    revenge and I swear you'll experience that some day I'm sitting down
   here, but hey you can't see me kinda invisible ... You don't sense my
   stay not realy hiding, not like a shadow just tought I would join you
    for one day I'm sitting down here, but hey you can't see me I'm not
   trying to avoid you, just don't wanna hear your vioce when you call me
   up so often, I don't realy have a choice you're talking like you know
   me, and wanna be my friend but that's really too late now, I won't try
   it once again you may think that I'm a loser, that I don't really care
   you may think that it's forgotten, But you should be aware cause I've
   learned to get revenge and I swear you'll experience that some day I'm
    sitting down here, but hey you can't see me kinda invisible ... You
   don't sense my stay not realy hiding, not like a shadow just tought I
    would join you for one day I'm sitting down here, but hey you can't
    see me kinda invisible ... You don't sense my stay not realy hiding,
    not like a shadow but sure I wanna join you for one day you for one
                                    day
   
                                      
                            So young - the Corrs
   
    We were taking it easy, bright and breezy, We are living it up just
   fine and dandy And it really doesn't matter that we don't eat, and it
    really doesn't matter that we don't sleep It really doesn't matter,
   
                      it really doesn't matter at all
   
      Cos we are so young now, we are so young, so young now, and when
   tomorrow comes we'll just do it all againWe are chasing the moon, just
   running wild and free, We are following through every dream and every
                                    need
   
   And it really doesn't matter that we don't eat, and it really doesn't
   matter that we don't sleep It really doesn't matter, it really doesn't
    matter at allCos we are so young now, we are so young, so young now,
   and when tomorrow comes we'll just do it all again Cos we are so young
   now, we are so young, so young now, and when tomorrow comes we'll just
                              do it all again
   
                                      
                           Someday - Mariah Carey
   
    You were so blind to let me go You had it all but didn't know No one
    you'll ever find will be Closer to all your dreams than me Believing
    the grass would be greener You told yourself "I just don't need her
    now" But I know you'll soon discover You're never satisfied with any
                                   other
   
                                  Chorus:
   
      Someday Oo Someday One you gave away will be the only one you're
    wishing for Someday hey hey Boy you're gonna pay 'cause baby I'm the
   one who's keeping score You'll change your mind and call my name Soon
     as you find they're all the same And when you find yourself alone
      Don't come back crying You should have known Believe me I'm not
     pretending It's not hard to predict This ending now 'Cause I know
     you'll soon discover You're needing me in spite of all the others
   
                                   Chorus
   
   Maybe now you just can't conceive That there'll ever come a time when
    you're cold and lonely Baby, how could you ever believe That another
    could replace me The one and only But when your down In your time of
   need And you're thinking that you Might be coming back to own me Just
             think again 'cause I won't need your love anymore!
   
                                   Chorus
   
                                      
                         Sometimes - Britney Spears
   
     You tell me you're in love with me Like you can't take your pretty
                             eyes away from me
   It's not that I don't want to stay But every time you come too close I
   move away I wanna believe in everything that you say 'Cause it sounds
    so good But if you really want me, move slow There's things about me
    you just have to know Sometimes I run Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm
     scared of youBut all I really want is to hold you tight Treat you
   right, be with you day and night Baby all I need is time I don't wanna
    be so shy Every time that I'm alone I wonder why Hope that you will
   wait for me You'll see that you're the only one for me I wanna believe
   in everything that you say 'Cause it sounds so good But if you really
      want me, move slow There's things about me you just have to know
   Sometimes I run Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I
             really want is to hold you tight Treat you right,
   
   be with you day and night Baby all I need is time Just hang around and
    you'll see There's nowhere I'd rather be If you love me, trust in me
                        The way that I trust in you
   Sometimes I run Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of youBut all I
             really want is to hold you tight Treat you right,
   
     be with you day and night Baby all I need is time Sometimes I run
   Sometimes I hide Sometimes I'm scared of you But all I really want is
        to hold you tight Treat you right, be with you day and night
   
                          Baby all I need is time
   
                                [Image6.gif]
   
   
                                      
                                      
         This is the last day of our acquaintance - Sinead'o Connor
   
      This is the last day of our acquaintance I'll meet you later in
    somebody's office I'll talk, but you won't listen to me I know what
   your answer will be I know you don't love me anymore You used to hold
     my hand when the plane took off Two years ago there just seemed so
   much more And I don't know what happened to our love Days and days our
      friendship has been stale And we will meet later to finalize the
    details And since then you've taken me for granted This is the last
   day of our acquaintance I'll meet you later in somebody's office I'll
    talk, but you won't listen to me I know your answer already This is
      the last day of our acquaintance oh oh oh I'll meet you later in
   somebody's office oh oh oh I'll talk, but you won't listen to me oh oh
    oh I know your answer already oh oh oh I know your answer already oh
                 oh oh I know your answer already oh oh oh
   
                                      
                       Thorn In My Side - Eurythmics
   
   Thorn in my side. You know that's all you ever were. A bundle of lies.
    You know that's all that it was worth... I should have known better
   But I trusted you at first. I should have known better But I got what
     I deserved... To run away from you Was all that I could do. To run
                   away from you Was all that I could do.
   
    Thorn in my side. You know that's all you'll ever be. So don't think
     you know better 'Cause that's what you mean to me... I was feeling
   complicated. I was feeling low. Now everytime I think of you I shiver
                               to the bone...
   
                            (Chorus repeats...)
   
                                      
                         Tom's Diner - Susanne Vega
   
   I am sitting In the morning At the diner On the corner I am waiting At
    the counter For the man To pour the coffee And he fills it Only half
    way And before I even argue He is looking Out the window At somebody
      Coming in "It is always nice to see you" Says the man Behind the
   counter To the woman Who has come in She is shaking Her umbrella And I
   look The other way As they are kissing Their hellos I'm pretending Not
     to see them Instead I pour the milk I open Up the paper, There's a
    story Of an actor Who had died While he was drinking It was no one I
     had heard of And I'm turning To the horoscope And looking For the
    funnies When I'm feeling Someone watching me And so I raise my head
   There's a woman On the outside Looking inside Does she see me? No, she
     does not Really see me 'Cause she sees Her own reflection And I'm
   trying Not to notice That she's hitching Up her skirt And while she's
   Straightening her stockings Her hair Has gotten wet. Oh, this rain It
   will continue Through the morning As I'm listening To the bells Of the
   cathedral, I am thinking Of your voice And of the midnight picnic Once
    upon a time Before the ran began I finish up the coffee It's time to
                              catch the train.
   
                                      
                      Unbreak my heart - Toni Braxton
   
   Don't leave me in all this pain, don't leave me out in the rain. Come
   back and bring back this smile, come and take these tears away. I need
    your arms to hold me now, the nights are so unkind. Bring back those
                     nights when I held you beside me.
   
    Chrous: Un~Break my heart, say you'll love me again. Un~do this hurt
     you caused when you walked out the door and walked out of my life.
   Un~cry these tears, I've cried so many nights. Un~Break my heart.....
   My heart. Verse 2: Take back that sad word goodbye, bring back the joy
    to my life. Don't leave me here with these tears, come and kiss this
    pain away I can't forget the day we laughed, time is so unkind. And
                life is so cruel without you here beside me.
   
                                  Chrous:
   
   Un~Break my heart, say you'll love me again. n~do this hurt you caused
    when you walked out the door and walked out of my life. Un~cry these
   tears, I've cried so many nights. Un~Break my heart Don't leave me in
    all this pain, don't leave me out in the rain. Bring back the nights
                         when I held you beside me.
   
                                  Chrous:
   
      Un~Break my heart, say you'll love me again. Un~do this hurt you
   caused when you walked out the door and walked out of my life. Un~cry
      these tears, I've cried so many, many nights. Un~break my.......
   Un~break my heart oh baby come back and say that you love me. Un~break
    my heart sweet darling, without you I just can't go on. Say that you
    love me, say that you love me, tell me you love me, un~break my. Say
   that you love me, say that you love me, tell me you love me, un~break
    my. Say that you love me, say that you love me, tell me you love me,
    un~break my. Say that you love me, say that you love me, tell me you
                          love me, un~break my....
   
                                 (Fade Out)
   
                                      
                       What About Your Friends - TLC
   
      Every now and then I get a little crazy That's not the way it's
   supposed to be Sometimes my vision is a little hazy I can't tell who I
               should trust or just who I let trust me (yeah)
     People try to say I act a little funny But that's just a figure of
     speech to me They tell me I changed because I got money But if you
              were there before then you're still down with me
                                  Chorus:
    What about your friends Will they let you down again What about your
                     friends are they gonna be low down
       Will they ever be around or will they turn their backs on you
      Well is it me or can it be I'm a little too Friendly so to speak
    hypothetically Say I supply creativity to what others Must take as a
    form of self-hate Only to make an enemy Which results in unfortunate
    destiny They dog me out then be next to me Just cause I am what some
   choose to envy  Every now and then I get a little easy I let a lot of
    people depend on me I never though they would ever deceive me Don't
   you know when times got rough I was standing on my own I'll never let
     another get that clost to me You see I've grown a lot smarter now
    Sometimes you have to choose and then you'll see If your friends is
   true they'll be there with you  Through the thick and thin  Chorus  Yo
   is it me, is it me or can it be I am a little too friendly So to speak
   hypothetically 'Cause I supply creativity to what others Must take as
   a form of self-hate Only to make an enemy Which results in unfortunate
    destinyThey dog me out then be next to me Just cause I am what some
                               choose to envy
                                   Chorus
     People say I asc a little funny I wouldn't change not for no money
    I'll be a friend as long as you're a friend to me (yeah, yeah) Even
   though I might seem easy It don't give you no cause to deceive me It's
            not the way that I want my friends to ever be Chorus
   
                                      
                       When I Come Around -Green Day
   
    When I Come Around I heard you crying loud, all the way across town
   You've been searching for that someone, and it's me out on the prow l
   As you sit around feeling sorry for yourself Don't get lonely now Dry
     your whining eyes I'm just roaming for the moment Sleazin' my back
    yard So don't get So uptight you been thinking about ditching me No
     time to search the world around Cause you know where I'll be found
    When I come around I heard it all before So don't knock down my door
    I'm a loser and a user so I don't need no accuser To try and slag me
   down because I know I'm right So go do what you like Make sure you do
    it wise You may find out that your self doubt means nothing was ever
   there You can't go forcing something if it's just not right No time to
   search the world around Cause you know where I'll be found When I come
                        around When I come around...
   
                                      
                       When I Saw You - Mariah Carey
   
   Soft heavenly eyes gazed into me Transcending space and time And I was
    rendered still There were no words for me to find at all As I stood
     there beside myself I could see you and no-one else When I saw you
   When I saw you I could not breathe I fell so deep When I saw you When
    I saw you I'd never be I'd never be the same Only once in a lifetime
    love rushes in Changing you with the tide And dawn's ribbon of light
                          Bursts through the dark
   
    Wakening you inside And I thought it was all untrue Until there, all
    at once, I knew When I saw you When I saw you I could not breathe I
    fell so deep When I saw you When I saw you I'd never be I'd never be
    the same With no beginning And without an end You are the one for me
   And it's evident And your eyes told me so Your eyes let me know When I
    saw you When I saw you I could not breathe I fell so deep When I saw
           you When I saw you I'd never be I'd never be the same
   
                                      
                When you say nothing at all - Ronan Keating
   
     It's amazing how you, can speak right to my heart Without saying a
                      word, you can light up the dark
    Try as i may i could never explain What i hear when you don't say a
                                   thing
   
                                   CHORUS
   
   The smile on your face, lets me know that you need me There's a truth
   in your eyes saying you'll never leave me The touch of your hand says
    you'll catch me if ever i fall You say it best, when you say nothing
                                   at all
   
    All day long i can hear people talking out loud But when you hold me
                       near, you drown out the crowd
     Old mr. Webster could never define What's being said between your
                               heart and mine
   
                               REPEAT CHORUS
   
                                      
                  Why Don't You Get A Job - The Offspring
   
   My friend's got a girlfriend Man he hates that bitch He tells me every
   day He says man I really gotta lose my chick In the worst kind of way
    She sits on her ass he works his hands to the bone To give her money
    every payday But she wants more dinero just to stay at home Well my
    friend You gotta say I won't pay, I won't pay ya, no way hey now why
   don't you get a job Say no way, say no way, no way A hey now why don't
    you get a job I guess all his money well it isn't enough To keep her
   bill collectors at bay guess all his money, well it isn't enough Cause
   that girl's got expensive taste I won't pay, I won't pay ya, no way A
   hey now why don't you get a job Say no way, say no way, no way hey now
    why don't you get a job Well I guess it ain't easy doing nothing at
     all But hey man free rides just don't come along every day (Let me
    tell you about my other friend now) My friend's got a boyfriend man
    she hates that dick She tells me every day He wants more dinero just
   to stay at home Well my friend you gotta say I won't pay, I won't pay
   ya, no way hey now why don't you get a job Say no way, say no way, no
     way A hey now why don't you get a job I won't give you no money I
    always pay A hey now why don't you get a job Say no way, say no way,
                  no way A hey now why don't you get a job
   
   
                       Virtual Insanity - Jamiroquai
   
    Oh yeah, what we're living in (let me tell ya) It's a wonder man can
   eat at all When things are big that should be small Who can tell what
    magic spells well be doing for us And I'm giving all my love to this
    world Only to be told I can't see I can't breathe No more will we be
   And nothing's going to change the way we live Cos' we can always take
    but never give And now that things are changing for the worse, See,
   its a crazy world we're living in And I just can't see that half of us
               immersed in sin Is all we have to give these -
    Futures made of virtual insanity now Always seem to, be governed by
                             this love we have
   For useless, twisting, our new technology Oh, now there is no sound -
                        for we all live underground
   And I'm thinking what a mess we're in Hard to know where to begin If I
     could slip the sickly ties that earthly man has made And now every
   mother, can choose the colour Of her child That's not natures way Well
   that's what they said yesterday There's nothing left to do but pray I
      think it's time I found a new religion Woah - it's so insane To
   synthesize another strain There's something in these Future's that we
                              have to be told.
   Futures made of virtual insanity - now Always seem to, be governed by
                             this love we have
   For useless, twisting, our new technology Oh, now there is no sound -
                        for we all live underground
   Now there is no sound If we all live underground And now it's virtual
     insanity Forget your virtual reality Oh, there's nothing so bad. I
                                 know yeah
                             Instrumental break
     Of this virtual insanity, we're livin' in. Has got to change, yeah
    Things, will never be the same. And I can't go on While we're livin'
     in oh, oh virtual insanity Oh, this world, has got to change Cos I
     just, I just can't keep going on, it was virtual. Virtual insanity
    that we're livin' in, that we're livin' in That virtual insanity is
                                 what it is
   Futures made of virtual insanity - now Always seem to, be governed by
    this love we have For useless, twisting, our new technology Oh, now
              there is no sound - for we all live underground
    Living - Virtual Insanity Living - Virtual Insanity Living - Virtual
     Insanity Living - Virtual Insanity Virtual Insanity is what we're
                                 living in
   
                                      
                       Vision of Love - Mariah Carey
   
    Treated me kind Sweet destiny Carried me through desperation To the
    one that was waiting for me It took so long Still I believed Somehow
   the one that I needed Would find me eventually I had a vision of love
   And it was all that you've given to me Prayed through the nights Felt
   so alone Suffered through alienation Carried the weight on my own Had
    to be strong So I believed And now I know I've succeeded In finding
      the place I conceived I had a vision of love And it was all that
    you've given to me I had a vision of love And it was all that you've
   given me I've realized a dream And I visualized The love that came to
    be Feel so alive I'm so thankful that I've received The answer that
   heaven has sent down to me You treated me kind Sweet destiny And I'll
    be eternally grateful Holding you so close to me Prayed through the
      nights So faithfully Knowing the one that I needed Would find me
   eventually I had a vision of love And it was all that you've given to
     me I had a vision of love And it was all that you turned out to be
   
                                      
                       When I Come Around -Green Day
   
    When I Come Around I heard you crying loud, all the way across town
   You've been searching for that someone, and it's me out on the prow l
   As you sit around feeling sorry for yourself Don't get lonely now Dry
     your whining eyes I'm just roaming for the moment Sleazin' my back
    yard So don't get So uptight you been thinking about ditching me No
     time to search the world around Cause you know where I'll be found
    When I come around I heard it all before So don't knock down my door
    I'm a loser and a user so I don't need no accuser To try and slag me
   down because I know I'm right So go do what you like Make sure you do
    it wise You may find out that your self doubt means nothing was ever
   there You can't go forcing something if it's just not right No time to
   search the world around Cause you know where I'll be found When I come
                        around When I come around...
   
                                      
                         Without You - Mariah Carey
   
   No I can't forget this evening Or your face as you were leaving But I
   guess that's just the way The story goes You always smile but in your
   eyes Your sorrow shows Yes it shows No I can't forget tomorrow When I
   think of all my sorrow When I had you there But then I let you go And
    now it's only fair That I should let you know What you should know I
   can't live If living is without you I can't live I can't give anymore
      I can't live If living is without you I can't give I can't give
     anymore Well I can't forget this evening Or your face as you were
     leaving But I guess that's just the way The story goes You always
   smile but in your eyes Your sorrow shows Yes it shows I can't live If
   living is without you I can't live I can't give any more I can't live
         If living is without you I can't give I can't give anymore
   
                                      
                             Yearbook - Hanson
   
    Intro: (Verse) Dear Amy, see you in September Hope that you remember
    me next year Hey Jaime, you've been a great friend to me I hope that
   I'll still see you around here (Prechorus) 'Cause I'm looking through
     the yearbook Then I find that empty space There's a name without a
   picture, But I can't forget his face (chorus) Tell me where did he go,
    I want to know Where did Johnny go It says picture unavailable right
    here More than sad, it makes me mad To know somebody knows There'e a
    lying in you silence Tell me where did Johnny go (verse) Poor Katie,
    she won't even speak his name None of us will ever be the same It's
   quiet in the halls but I hear echoing off the walls Rumors of Johnny's
     mystery (Prechorus) 'Cause I'm looking through the yearbook Then I
   find that empty space No he never wrote me nothing, But I can't forget
   his face Oh oh, whoa oh uhoh There's a lying in your silence, Tell me
                            where did Johnny go
   
                       (2x) Repeat Chorus (Bridge) Ab
   
    Sometimes I think I hear him Calling out my name Sometimes I wonder
   Maybe we're to blame (Verse) It's been a year now and A lot of things
    have changed But I keep thinking about Johnny I keep turning to that
    page Where did he go, I want to know Where did he go, I want to know
    oh, whoa oh uh oh There's a lying in your silence, Tell me where did
   Johnny go Well, there you go. It's a mysterious but wonderful song. I
     hope you have as much fun playing it as I do. PLEASE feel free to
    e-mail me if you have any questions regarding this or any of my tab.
                                   Enjoy!
   
                              You - Ten Sharp
   
    It's alright with me as long as you are by my side, talk or just say
     nothing, I don't mind your looks never lie. was always on the run,
     finding out what I was looking for and I was always insecure, just
    until I found Words often don't come easy, I never loved to show you
   the inside of me oh no my baby but You were always patience, dragging
   out what I tried to hide chorus: I was always on the run, finding out
    what I was looking for and I was always insecure, just until I found
    oho You you were always on my mind, you, you 4re the one I'm living
    for You, you're my everlasting fire, you're my always shining star.
    Nights always are good friends, a glass of wine and the lights down
       low. You lying beside me, me full of love and filled with hope
   
                                   chorus
   
                                      
                                      
          [2]Tillbaka till hemsidan  -  [3]Sidan 2 av mina lyrics

References

   1. file://localhost/C:/WINDOWS/Skrivbord/Lyrics/Africa.doc
   2. http://medlem.tripodnet.nu/love1/index.htm
   3. http://medlem.tripodnet.nu/love1/mina_lyrics2.htm
